feat: KDE Linux (#128)
castrojo/awesome-immutable: README.md

- [ChromiumOS](https://www.chromium.org/chromium-os/chromiumos-design-docs/filesystem-autoupdate/) - Good design document on how Chromium implements its autoupdate mechanism
	- [ChromeOS (Flex)](https://chromeenterprise.google/os/chromeosflex/) - the cloud-first, fast, easy-to-manage, and secure operating system by Google. _flex is the non-chromebook version_
- [VanillaOS](https://vanillaos.org/) - Vanilla OS is a Debian Sid Linux-based Point Release distribution that receives updates at the right time without sacrificing security and functionality.

> - [KDE Linux](https://linux.kde.org/) - KDE’s official Alpha-stage immutable, image-based reference operating system, built from Arch Linux packages and featuring Plasma, Flatpak-first apps, atomic updates, and rollback support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [KDE Linux](https://linux.kde.org/) - The official arch-based image-based atomic distribution of the KDE project, only shipping KDE Plasma and flatpaks without any other package manager; Currently in Alpha
```

	- [ChromeOS (Flex)](https://chromeenterprise.google/os/chromeosflex/) - the cloud-first, fast, easy-to-manage, and secure operating system by Google. _flex is the non-chromebook version_
- [VanillaOS](https://vanillaos.org/) - Vanilla OS is a Debian Sid Linux-based Point Release distribution that receives updates at the right time without sacrificing security and functionality.
- [GNOME OS](https://os.gnome.org/) - The official bleeding-edge development and testing distribution (not recommended for daily usage) of the GNOME project, only shipping GNOME and flatpaks without any other package manager

> - [KDE Linux](https://linux.kde.org/) - KDE’s official Alpha-stage immutable, image-based reference operating system, built from Arch Linux packages and featuring Plasma, Flatpak-first apps, atomic updates, and rollback support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [KDE Linux](https://linux.kde.org/) - KDE’s official Alpha-stage immutable, image-based reference operating system, built from Arch Linux packages and featuring Plasma, Flatpak-first apps, atomic updates, and rollback support.
- [GNOME OS](https://os.gnome.org/) - The official bleeding-edge development and testing distribution (not recommended for daily usage) of the GNOME project, only shipping GNOME and flatpaks without any other package manager
```
